---
layout: post
title: Data Science Bootcamp Complete!
description: >
  100 - 150 words of description
image: alternative to the above
  path: /assets/img/blog/ga-cert.png
  srcset:
    1169w: /assets/img/blog/ga-cert.png
    585w:  /assets/img/blog/ga-cert@0,5x.png
    292w:  /assets/img/blog/ga-cert@0,25x.png
# related_posts:
#   - example/_posts/2017-11-23-example-content-ii.md
#   - /example/2012-02-07-example-content/
# accent_image: 
#   background: url('/assets/img/blog/jj-ying.jpg') center/cover
#   overlay: false
# accent_color: '#ccc'
# theme_color: '#ccc'
invert_sidebar: false # for light images/background caused by post image
sitemap: false
hide_last_modified: true
---

I did a data science bootcamp!

## Why data science?

### Fun (and Profit?)

#### Fun
Discovered diy robocars, donkey car
- Built one, now what?
- "forced" to make my own code for using XBox controller like I wanted it (since the kernal and donkeycar implementations were frustrating to work with)
- snowballed from there
- end-to-end training seemed fine but found somewhat limited (I have since changed my mind)
- wanted deeper understanding of the underpinnings to dig deeper

#### Profit?

The job descriptions for many many positions required it.

### Power and pervasiveness of Data

Needs no further explanation: data is everywhere. Daily reminded of the power. Wanted to understand it beyond buzzwords and "magic"; a tutorial or two was enlightening but I wanted more.

## Why Bootcamp?


I wanted to learn the fundamentals of data science, I wanted to do it quickly, and I wanted professional guidance through the job-search process.

I can self-teach (and indeed taught myself Python, ROS, etc), but wanted a focused, compacted, designed course with immediate feedback
Job services. Learn how to package myself, how to dance the dance and play the game. Etc. LinkedIn. Branding.


## Why GeneralAssembly?


I chose General Assembly's Data Science Immersive course because it ticked all the boxes for what I wanted to learn, it ended in 12 weeks instead of the 24/36/more for other boot camps, and it offered an income-sharing agreement (which I believe aligns their interests with mine).

Quicker (12 weeks), wanted to get on with my life. others were 24/36, more
Income-sharing
Indefinite job-hunt help
Good reputation/ranking on course report

## The experience


I took the plunge, signed up, and had a great time! The instructors and support staff are thorough, responsive, approachable, etc., basically everything one would want.

Trying out: interviews and home work
The class
- well crafted lessons, neat instructors and staff
- varied and wonderful cohort, inspiring
- job help good
- projects challenging and also good

